chore: new workflow to add a linter (#6497)
golangci/golangci-lint: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--

WARNING: If you don't follow the rules, the pull request will be closed.

-->

<!--

> Please don't use an AI to generate the PR description.

Reviewer: I think it's fine to use AI to assist writing a description. It can help with language barriers and find other mistakes by author. Just because it's assisted by AI doesn't mean it's slop.

I think instead we should ask the description to be brief and to the point without unnecessary overhead which goes for both AI and human written descriptions.

```suggestion
Please keep the description brief and proofread any AI-assisted text before submitting.
```
